Vihaan Infotech - rebuilt localhost edition

START
1. Open a terminal in this folder.
2. Run npm install (first time only).
3. Run npm run dev.
4. Open http://127.0.0.1:5173/
Stop the server with Ctrl+C in its terminal.

LOCAL ONLY
Development and preview bind to 127.0.0.1. No hosting, publishing,
deployment configuration, remote repository, or tunnel is configured.
The website's images and styling are served locally.

GEMINI CHAT
The local server uses GEMINI_API_KEY from .env.local.
The source ZIP intentionally excludes that private file.
After extracting the ZIP, copy .env.example to .env.local, add your key,
and restart the server. The default model is gemini-3.1-flash-lite.
This model has a free tier; actual quotas and billing depend on your
Google project. No billing settings were changed by this rebuild.
Chat sends only the chat conversation and business instructions to Google.
The key is server-side and is never included in the browser build.
Chat history and unsent drafts use sessionStorage in the current tab.
History survives refresh and clears when the tab closes (browser session restore may restore it). Use New chat to clear it immediately. Up to 20 completed exchanges are retained; the most recent context up to 24,000 characters is sent to Gemini. Failed or interrupted requests remain drafts for manual retry.
The consultation form never sends data to Gemini or any other service.

CONTENT
Contact details are labeled placeholders. Replace them in src/Sections.jsx.
Services and main layout: src/App.jsx.
Solution tabs, AMC, about, process and demo form: src/Sections.jsx.
Chat UI: src/Chat.jsx. Local Gemini proxy: server/chat.mjs.
Photos and attribution: public/images/.
No original private environment data was reconstructed from chat history.

CHECKS
npm run build
node --test tests/*.test.mjs
npm run preview (local build preview with chat middleware)

BACKUP
Run powershell -File scripts/package-source.ps1.
The resulting ZIP excludes private keys, dependencies, build output,
and recovery records. Keep it in a safe location outside this folder.

This is a reconstruction based on the saved brief and conversation, not
an exact copy of the deleted original project.

